#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
-e git+https://github.com/openedx/pinax-announcements.git@60a3fdf171b520d8593a9b2190d1c01a6614ab59#egg=pinax-announcements
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-countries
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-toggles
cryptography==45.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==4.2.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-braces
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-crum
    #   django-lang-pref-middleware
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-soapbox
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   pinax-announcements
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-braces==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crispy-forms==2.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-lang-pref-middleware==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-soapbox==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-analytics-data-api-client==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-i18n-tools==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-toggles==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
libsass==0.23.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
logutils==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
lxml[html-clean]==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   lxml-html-clean
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lxml
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
path==16.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.15.4
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pymongo==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-analytics-data-api-client
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
sphinx-book-theme==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   django-countries
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
