#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
-e git+https://github.com/openedx/pinax-announcements.git@60a3fdf171b520d8593a9b2190d1c01a6614ab59#egg=pinax-announcements
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
asgiref==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-countries
astroid==3.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
build==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip_tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip_tools.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
    #   pip-tools
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
coverage[toml]==7.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.24
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-braces
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-crum
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-lang-pref-middleware
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-soapbox
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   pinax-announcements
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-braces==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crispy-forms==2.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-debug-toolbar==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-lang-pref-middleware==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-soapbox==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-analytics-data-api-client==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-i18n-tools==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
httpretty==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
libsass==0.23.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
logutils==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
lxml[html-clean]==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   lxml-html-clean
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lxml
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/local.in
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip_tools.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   build
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==16.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pip-tools==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements/pip_tools.txt
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycparser==2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip_tools.txt
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-analytics-data-api-client
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydocstyle
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==9.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.30.2
    # via -r requirements/tox.txt
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-countries
    #   edx-opaque-keys
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip_tools.txt
    #   pip-tools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
